# de_zoomify.r
### Takes tiles generated by zoomify and re-constitutes them into full jpgs. 
### Written by John L. Darcy with help from Solomon Champion, 2018 APR 20

The program zoomify splits an image into tiles, which is useful to speed up image loading for the web. But sometimes all you have are the tiles, and no original image. This was the case for the University of Hawaii's Herbarium collection, which had thousands of plant specimen photos that were zoomified, but the original whole images had been lost. This script re-constitutes the original image from the zoomified tiles. 

### Arguments
* -i: name of folder full of zoomified tiles (will have multiple subdirectories containing tiles, that's OK)
* -o: output filepath for reconstituted jpg
* -x: override default xml properties filename (not filepath, just name). Default is ImageProperties.xml
* -n: noisy mode TRUE or FALSE (default is FALSE)

### Requirements
To use this script, you need rscript installed (comes with R installation), and the R packages optparse and jpeg. You will also need to add execution privilages for this file. do so in bash with
		chmod a+x de_zoomify.r

### Example 1
The example_and_test folder contains an example of how to use this program using a real zoomified image. the subfolder, which is the zoomify output, has been tar'd so as not to go over github's file limit. 

### Example 2
To use this script across multiple zoomified folders (each containing tiles for a separate image):
  `for f in *; do`
  `  ./de_zoomify.r -i $f -o "$f_image.jpg";`
  `done`
you can try this by copying and renaming the example folder.
